hi this is dan from crossbow expert calm
and I'm going to tell you what I am
excited today I have the new 2013 pse
TAC elite at my shop and this is only a
demo model so for all you guys I have
some money down or I already have a
pre-order through us I cannot send you
this one but what i can do is show you
some cool stuff on this so you
definitely want to make sure you check
out our youtube page our facebook page
and even some stuff on our website
crossbow expert calm and you were going
to have a lot of information flowing out
on this cross bolt but one of the cool
things is i got this in we put it
together and we had some people stop in
the shop and and you know look at it go
Wow and I want to shoot that can I shoot
this I want to show you some of the
first impressions of people shooting
this crossbow now what when you watch
this I want you to keep in mind that a
couple of them have never shot a
crossbow but had in it they needed to
shoot this one so you know the form
isn't great and they just grabbed the
crossbow but what you need to focus on
is the excitement of them shooting this
cross bowl kick it is no kid I don't
worry not just put oh oh my god walk in
there you want to shoot Kirk with that
holy cow that was so cool sign me up
Kenny yeah it doesn't surprise you
diddle what surprised me yeah I get one
that's pretty sweet I cool they're
really cool I cashew sauce but you know
all that was aiming for that hot